# hello-world
Hobbyist looking for a possible career change. New to GitHub, but not programming.

Greetings! First experience into "programming" was Max MSP, then LaTeX. Both of these were picked up during my days as a mathematics major (dropped), then a music composition major. Since then, I've learned Javascript (animations and a bit of natural simulations, mostly), SuperCollider (sound synthesis), and just a taste of SQL, C#, Python, and Ruby. My current occuption as an Event Coordinator introduced me to work with Filemaker Pro, with which I created a relational database–-UX, scripts and all--from scratch to help manage events. Other than that, I play Classical piano semi-professionally, am teaching myself Jazz, love learning languages (human and machine), and messing up in the kitchen half the time.

This ongoing dabbling has awakened my hobbyist interest in programming and planted that nagging thought, "Should I gradually plan for a career change to become a software developer?" Not sure what that even entails, what it is even like to be a developer full-time. But I do know that alongside the path I've followed as a conservatory-trained musician meant that I neglected my keen interest in math, science, and engineering, which I held even before I picked up music. 

Furthermore, I am surrounded by several people who are well along their way within the field of computer science and programming. I live next door to four software engineers and some of my good friends have gone on to super selective bootcamps, with one even working now as UX engineer at Facebook. I feel the connections are there. I don't know what I am waiting for. I am hoping GitHub will carve out some good habits and an enlightening path towards a new life waiting to be lived.
